# Getting Started

**This app is generated by NX.**

**Main app** is built with Next.js, React, and Styled Components, and Framer Motion for smooth animations and UX.

**As a UI library**: PrimeReact + PrimeFlex

**As a State Manager**: Zustand + Immer

**For UI Tests**: Storybook

**For Backend** we use TRPC, Zod, Prisma.

**For E2E Tests** we want to use Playwright.
As Cypress has to make us to invent a wheel,
by using such flags as `force: true`, when some buttons just don't work to click on,
or, to clear a field, you have to call the same command twice separately, etc.

**For Unit Tests** we prefer to use Vitest, as it suppports including internal/external libraries, but Jest.
And Jest might be used in cases when there's no need in libraries.

**Details:**

- ENV Validator
- Husky + Commitlint

## Deploy

Vercel.

## Folder Structure

### General

```
libs
|-api
|-client
|-prisma
|-utils
```

> No libs can know anything about applications. They don't import anything from outside the libs folder, and they can't have cycle dependencies!

### Detailed

#### API

- TRPC Routers

#### Client

```
libs
|- client
|- |- components
|- |- blocks
|- |- features
|- |- hooks
```

_Might get expanded later._
Later we can (and better should) add some services in a library for such universal tasks like:

[[Read More...]](https://www.robinwieruch.de/react-folder-structure/)

## Goals

- E2E (Playwright) & Unit (Vite) tests
- DB Seeding (partially, recoverably)
- TRPC Implementations (separately from routers, I guess)
- Authentication
- a Zod types internal library
- a TRPC Adapter
- a logger (Sentry?)
- React 18 & App Router in Next.js
- Expo for building mobile apps with the web simultaneously.
- i18n.
- CI/CD:
  - Docker
  - Cloud

> Always use already written libraries for different purposes (instead of writing your own): `lodash`, `date-fns`, `libphonenumber-js`, `react-hook-form`, etc.
